All you give away is fake wine
How dare you say that I gave away fake wine?
You use your brain to think clearly
I am Shangjing Chu family
You don't think about it either
Would I send counterfeits on this occasion?
Miss Dong is angry
He's a mad dog
Catch everyone and want to take a bite
Never mind him.
It's Xiao Jingli
You keep saying that Miss Chu sent fake wine
Then you say real Tianzhu wine.
Where is it?
All the drinking that year was in my office
God, did I hear you right?
You said this Tianzhu wine worth tens of billions
In your office.
Yufei, look who you brought back?
The people in the night family are about to offend him
Mrs. Ye
I previously thought that the death of the Lord's Landing
Related to the Ye family
So it's not always nice to speak
Please forgive me.
In order to apologize
Get someone right now
Send three catties of genuine dzi bead wine to the Ye family
Three catties Xiao Junlin
Are you crazy?
Three catties of dzi bead wine is worth trillions.
Xiao Junlin, I think your brain is confused
Tianzhu wine
It must be brewed with the water of the Mobei Divine Spring
That divine spring
Only one drop of spring water can be dripped every month
If you open your mouth and close your mouth, you must cover level 3
That's at least 30 years of production.
Do you know?
rose
Pick up another three catties of pig's feet from my office
Give it to me in five minutes and deliver it to the night prize immediately